
4/19/2022

[] Add routine for DevXrefs for lines
[] Add remove generation of DevX for CBs with no corresponding psa_load
[] 





-------------



-No control point or switch TP in shunt, causing backfill of values from the copy-paste. Possibly time to rewrite the entire routine to avoid this copy-paste issue and directly write all values.

Rewrite the routine so the directional tags don't matter anymore. Why do we need them still? Every transformer should have devxref, every srd should have devxref. 



phase percent add IA/IC condition - I think better solution is to use commenttext3. 
check data gaps between dbcheck and err file on phase percent - For these records, try to create the phase percent record manually for the single phase, and determine if the error file disappears.

examine the hits thanh said recs are not being created for devices: . Line 1087 1495, 1582 to just name a few - Looks like most are issues w/ the point name.

double check the duplicates emsdbcheck queries, they're not flagging need to delete devices and duplicate tp points - ?

-Standardizing Names for point values - Points which contain AMPs, if the phase is already specified, can we modify these to remove the IB AMPS/ IB CURRENT and simply use IB? 


Scada Station Filters
Bucket 1 - Exclusively B-bank substation points (No bus w/ > 115kv)
Bucket 2 - Every other scada station , but remove the points > 115kv
Bucket 3 - Non-scada stations such as DIST LOAD SHED, DMS NSP, etc... That are not actual physical stations, but still have scada station entries. 

-----------

SCADA 

Ben Actions:
DONE - Change grouping for measurement for parallel SRD to transformer

DONE(Appears like latest data doesn't have these points or device) - Devers 4A transformer (SCADA MODEL) is being pulled by conversion query. Revisit query to exclude the Transmission points.

DONE - Change to/from CSI to just simply CSI 

DONE - Change shunt code to modify switch status point to come in under switch vendor group.

DONE - Current for shunts need to include 3 phases, also revisit voltages for shunts and mvar
(Step thru code, use findpoints on shunts) bldShuntDevX



PENDING - loop fed stations feeder amps are not coming in the same as non-loop feeder definitions i.e. CAMDEN ALLOY
(Convert loop station combine w/ edinger item)

Edinger 12kv/4kv should have points brought in, but the 12kv is not showing the SCADA points, verify that the devxrefs were defined correctly.
(Batch out edinger and convert) 
(This is going to require a new routine to be created and added in, more planning and testing needed so downstream current will not be showing.


DONE - Last Item - Eliminate the duplicates that get created from generating areas with no particular device i.e. copy series. 
Rewrite the routine to build the non-display points - 

DONE - Rewrite the non-scada routine to write one row at a time, and write each completed row to a file for space constraints
change the assetlabel to the point name.




Venkat/Vaidy Actions:
Bring up including the component type name or alias into the pop-up display for a point to provide the user with more information to ID the point, also include the source point number somewhere.
Update poke point display for 'Device' to represent a more meaningful name instead of EMS_XXXXX

